in the wake of the latest Israeli
bombardment of Gaza the hospital
reception and corridors are full of beds
doctors and nurses Rush from one patient
to another and more are brought in every
hour few resources and an overwhelming
number of people in need this has become
the norm in hospitals in southern Gaza
after Israeli forces laate Siege to
hospitals in the north and ordered their
evacuation
the challenge doctors here face is not
only finding space for more patients
they say the severity of the injuries is
something they have never encountered
before uh most of them come with severe
types of burn which we didn't see before
because it is that third degree burn and
special care they needs and most of them
are dying after one or two days because
the percentage of Bur is high about 60
70% one of them is 100% and most of them
around 60 70 and needs a special uh care
special center for the bur and most of
them are children and
wom Health Care Facilities in the strip
were already compromised under the
17-year long Israeli blocade which
restricted the flow of medical equipment
and essential supplies now in the midest
of Israel's Rel Relentless bombing
campaign the situation is
catastrophic intensive care units are
stretched to the
Limit the ICU department at Nasser
medical complex is overcrowded with
patients we have five Wards in the ICU
with 40 beds but they are all fully
occupied we have a severe shortage of
ventilators we have only 24 for the 40
beds doctors say they're overwhelmed and
it's impossible to help
everyone Southern Gaza is in the grip of
a healthcare crisis hospitals which were
already struggling before the war are
now being pushed to Breaking Point the
influx of casualties has put tremendous
burden on both Medical Teams and
resources uned Al jazer KH yunes in the
southern Gaza
Strip make sure to subscribe to our
Channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer